feat(content): Gegno Scin Additions (#8656)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/gegno/gegno ships.txt

		"hull" 13650
		"required crew" 66
		"bunks" 93
		"mass" 985
		"drag" 14.6
		"heat dissipation" 0.5
		"fuel capacity" 400
		"cargo space" 76
		"outfit space" 380
		"weapon capacity" 202
		"engine capacity" 160
		"energy capacity" 21300
		"energy generation" 11.3
		"heat generation" 27.2
		"outfit scan power" 18
		"outfit scan efficiency" 8
		"cargo scan power" 6
		"cargo scan efficiency" 2
		weapon
			"blast radius" 197
			"shield damage" 2030
			"hull damage" 1440
			"hit force" 2800
	outfits
		"Astuit Battery" 2
		"Acuit Artillery"

		"Plasmasickle" 33
		"Plasma Grenades" 33

		"SC-14 Plasma Thruster" 2
		"SC-14 Plasma Steering" 2
		"Hyperdrive"
	"steering engine" -84 -100 0.5
		angle 58.5
		right
	"steering engine" 84 -100 0.5
		angle -58.5
		left
	engine -15 140
	engine 15 140
	engine -28.5 169
	engine 28.5 169
	gun -40 -350
	gun 40 -350
	gun 0 -62.5
	turret -46 -102 "Astuit Battery"
	turret 46 -102 "Astuit Battery"
	turret 0 69 "Acuit Artillery"
	leak "leak" 20 50
	leak "flame" 90 160
	leak "big leak" 30 50
	explode "huge explosion" 12
	explode "large explosion" 46
	explode "medium explosion" 44
	explode "small explosion" 30
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description `Kyanites are intricately-built test platforms for Gegno Scin technology, equipped with an extensive built-in power system and energy reserve able to support many types of outfits. Weapon experimentation, the most common practice of kyanites, is recorded by various scanner instruments littering the two long structures on the front of the hull. Despite being weapon research vessels, Kyanites are not combat-capable due to how exposed their systems are and how little hull covers them. These systems are also very expensive and difficult to produce, so only a small amount Kyanites are found in service.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Kyanites are intricately-built test platforms for Gegno Scin technology, equipped with an extensive built-in power system and energy reserve able to support many types of outfits. Weapon experimentation, the most common practice of Kyanites, is recorded by various scanner instruments littering the two long structures on the front of the hull. Despite being weapon research vessels, Kyanites are not combat-capable due to how exposed their systems are and how little hull covers them. These systems are also very expensive and difficult to produce, so only a small amount of Kyanites are found in service.`
```

> 	description `	The scanner system found on the Tridymite was originally developed and tested on Kyanite platforms, eventually becoming part of their integration as well.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `	The scanner system found on the Tridymite was originally developed and tested on Kyanite platforms, eventually becoming integrated into the hull as well.`
```
